feat: add mete teams to our teams section (#75)
brown-ccv/ccv-website-content: about/teams.md

Leadership: [Ashok Ragavendran](https://directory.brown.edu/uuid/60802d0b-8f18-499a-a1f3-5f9b24c390e4)
>Our software engineers help researchers to get the most out of high-performance computing (HPC) resources. To achieve this, we partner with users to design, debug, and optimize their code to run in an HPC environment. We also collaborate with new and non-traditional HPC users to help them to scale up and accelerate their science.

> ### High-Performance Computing Systems

Reviewer: the name between this and HPC are very close - should the arc team be renamed?

Author: Yeah, agreed, it's not ideal... but I don't see much alternative. Those are the team's names. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Leadership: [Mete Tunca](https://directory.brown.edu/uuid/d0e7b3b6-f6b4-f28b-3bfd-08bccf05ac31)

> >Our HPC systems engineers are responsible for building and maintaining the hardware and system-level software for Brown's primary supercomputer, Oscar. This includes designing the overall architecture of the system, the storage and networking configurations, as well as the operating system and the system libraries. We also work with researcher to plan hardware purchases for grant applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Our HPC systems engineers are responsible for building and maintaining the hardware and system-level software for Brown's primary supercomputer, Oscar. This includes designing the overall architecture of the system, the storage and networking configurations, as well as the operating system and the system libraries. We also work with researchers to plan hardware purchases for grant applications. 
```

### GSDC (Graphics, Software and Data Core)
Leadership: [Isabel Restrepo](https://directory.brown.edu/uuid/cb8b0a49-ef4b-66e7-5ccc-6689493e8ace), [Mary McGrath](https://directory.brown.edu/uuid/fa814738-23c5-42b9-a63c-1ea789f3d1eb)
>We partner with Brown’s academic researchers and administrators to bring modern software engineering, visualization, and data science practices to their work. We are software engineers and data scientists with expertise in a broad range of fields, including: visualization techniques, computer vision, computer graphics, web technologies, data management, and data science. We can program in almost any language, and enjoy learning new technologies, documenting, striving for best practices, and especially brewing coffee. Additionally, our group is responsible for supporting and developing Virtual Reality applications, we maintain the CAVE and collaborate with the [Multimedia Labs at Brown](https://sites.google.com/brown.edu/multimedia-labs-new-site/home) to bring VR to the community. 

### Research Technical Services
Leadership: [Mete Tunca](https://directory.brown.edu/uuid/d0e7b3b6-f6b4-f28b-3bfd-08bccf05ac31)

> >Our team research computing consultants support researchers across all of our research computing environments and tools. This includes on Oscar, Stronghold, Globus, Hibernate, JupyterHub, and others. We can help with onboarding to our systems, we can help with debugging, and we can help you decide what systems are best suited to your research computing needs. We hold regular weekly office hours, and are happy to help with tutorials and additional consultation sessions outside of office hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Our team of research computing consultants support researchers across all of our research computing environments and tools. This includes Oscar, Stronghold, Globus, Hibernate, JupyterHub, and others. We can help with onboarding to our systems, debugging, and deciding what systems are best suited to your research computing needs. We hold regular weekly office hours, and are happy to help with tutorials and additional consultation sessions outside of office hours. 
```
